Stay still.
Don't move, baby
Your Majesty.
Why is that?
Your Majesty, you have not turned over your concubine's sign in a long time.
I am in pain, oh
Don't you study?
Your Majesty, it is so good of you to call me.
Why do you drink so much wine alone?
You don't want to die.
Your Majesty, don't.
Do you remember White?
I trained for a thousand years and finally found you.
Little White, right?
Yes to you, young man.
Can you hear me?
Thank you.
Later, if we're not here.
You dare to drink so much more.
Okay a
Rest well.
We go out and do something else.
You saved me as a child.
The Secret of the Song
What is the name of England?
What name?
I don't know.
female main
You finish talking and go to sleep.
Let's finish talking and sleep.
Hurry up.
The aliens are hit in limbo